Didi/update theming add breakingchange (#1153)
telerik/maui-docs: styling-and-themes/overview.md

        <ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
            <ResourceDictionary Source="Resources/Styles/Colors.xaml" />
            <ResourceDictionary Source="Resources/Styles/Styles.xaml" />
            <local:TelerikThemeResources />
        </ResourceDictionary.MergedDictionaries>
    </ResourceDictionary>
</Application.Resources>
```

**4.** Choose a theme by setting the `Theme` (`enum` of type `TelerikTheme`) property to the desired theme in the `App.xaml`:

```XAML
<local:TelerikThemeResources Theme="TelerikPurple" />
```

or `AppTheme` (`enum` of type `TelerikTheme`) property to the `App.xaml.cs` file.

```C#
TelerikThemeResources.AppTheme = TelerikTheme.TelerikPurple;
```

The steps above apply the `Telerik` theme with its `Purple` swatch to the Telerik .NET MAUI components used across the app.

> The `TelerikTheme` `enum` has the following values: `Default`, `PlatformLight`, `PlatformDark`, `TelerikMain`, `TelerikMainDark`, `TelerikOceanBlue`, `TelerikOceanBlueDark`, `TelerikPurple`, `TelerikPurpleDark`, `TelerikTurquoise`, and `TelerikTurquoiseDark`.

Reviewer: Consider removing this paragraph and adding the information to the table with the swatches on line 30. For example:

| Theme | Swatch | Color | `TelerikTheme` `enum` |
| ----- | ------ | ----- | ----- |
| Platform | Light | ![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Platform Light Theme](images/platform-light.png) | PlatformLight |
| Platform | Dark | ![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Platform Dark Theme](images/platform-dark.png) | PlatformDark |

![Telerik .NET MAUI Theming App Usage](images/telerik-theming-app.png)

## Changing the Initially Loaded Themes and Control's XAML Files

> You can decide which themes and control's XAML files to be generated in the `TelerikTheming` folder by modifying the `config.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you [enable the theming](#using-the-maui-theming) mechanism by setting `UseTelerikTheming` to `True` and then rebuild the app, the task generates a `config.json` file inside the `TelerikTheming` folder.

By editing the generated `config.json` file, you can:
* Control which theme-specific files are generated in the `TelerikTheming` folder.
* Control which controls-specific XAML files are generated in the `TelerikTheming` folder.
```

> Once the app is build when `UseTelerikTheming` is set to `True`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```XAML

Reviewer: Don't repeat the same snippet, just link to the section where it is already provided.
```suggestion
```

> <PropertyGroup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     <UseTelerikTheming>true</UseTelerikTheming>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> </PropertyGroup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The task generates a `config.json` file inside the `TelerikTheming` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You can remove themes and controls from the `config.json` file that won't be used in the application. In this way the TelerikTheming task will generate the swatch and control's xaml files listed in the `config.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can remove themes and controls from the `config.json` file that won't be used in the application. In this way, the Telerik Theming task generates only the swatch and control XAML files listed in the `config.json` file.
```
